we've been together yes he is right oh
now he's been outside the studio so he
hasn't heard what we've been talking
about he does know that he's here though
to hear a secret from you so he's
prepared oh but I guess he's not
guessing that that'll be it let's bring
him out here is Amira
you
hi I'm here welcome to the show
no I tell me about your relationship
with Natasha how long you guys known
each other on and off about a good two
years Oh likely in and what do you think
of her she's wonderful she's been very
supportive she's very strong-minded you
know I love her and she's really
attractive yes yes well you know you're
here because she wants to tell you
something oh so I'll step out of it and
Latasha you take it over okay well you
know we've been talking for a long time
and I really adore you speaker I think
you're really really sweet um our
relationship hasn't stopped oh I see in
each other as getting together it's
because of me because I was honest with
you I wasn't real honest with you and it
was reasons why you know we didn't go
whistles in them anyway oh boy oh boy
let's see I don't want you to get upset
how much it be male would you'd be heard
from your heart but I think it's better
for me to be honest and straight up and
be the person that I am and tell you the
way GRB say is that we're boys but we're
really not
what expect me to do what do young my
name I understand your anger
why there was no clue nothing now as you
look back that you look back and say boy
I should spot it that or oh not like
that exact I'm glad this did come up
well I'm letting it so that way I got
though doctor love you don't be the road
where you gonna be no fool I still love
your chopper you know got those for this
to everyone's good for you only one you
still got the hey Percy was why you say
there ain't no be somebody was this
movie without whatever like I bought in
a CIA black site so don't even try print
me like that
could you like whatever okay alright
what put it like this day Jerry I was to
see you know I'm a straight guy you're
they're gonna be saying I'm glad it
didn't go that far it's been many come
on don't I told you about that right now
but you try that practic what they're
all right whatever my shut up question
anyway let's take it okay I understand
that you're saying you don't want any
part of it because you're straight and
you're not interesting right I mean what
he's saying that I put it like this I
ain't gonna lie the money was good
because I constantly got money
Tatiana's both